Radix Themes: Improve Select docs (#759)
radix-ui/website: data/themes/docs/components/select.mdx

  </Select.Content>
</Select.Root>
```

### With SSR

> When using server-side rendering, you might notice a layout shift after hydration. This is because Trigger executes client-side code to display the label that corresponds to the resolved value. To avoid that layout shift, you can render the Trigger label manually by mapping values.

Reviewer: Avoiding to use "label" as it's easily confused for an actual label:

```suggestion
When using server-side rendering, you might notice a layout shift after hydration. This is because Trigger executes client-side code to display the selected item's text content. To avoid that layout shift, you can render it manually by mapping values.
```

Author: Good call, updated
